Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Dear fellow practitioners and friends, Today,
April 3rd, 2013 (Year of the Rabbit),
Ba Vang Pagoda successfully completed the
Buddha's Birthday celebration and the inauguration of
the world's largest mountain lecture hall.
Buddhists from the Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies,
in particular, and all Buddhists of
Ba Vang Pagoda and people from all directions, gathered at
Ba Vang Pagoda today to
participate in a very solemn ceremony.
Everyone was very joyful. The ceremony
today was a success,
supported by the Heavenly Guardians and Dragon Gods,
making the weather very pleasant and cool.
Everyone was very happy.
Today is the final day of the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club's vow to sing hymns praising the
Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha at 10 PM daily.
These vow songs praise the merits of the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha, and are dedicated to all sentient beings throughout the Dharma
realm. May all sentient beings in the Dharma
realm experience
auspicious karmic connections and joyful moments on the day of the Buddha's birth.  With
that joyful heart, we will
be peaceful and happy for eternity under the
protection of the Three Jewels, and we will also master the
virtuous practices, leading to eternal
peace and ultimately to Buddhahood. Today marks the
perfect conclusion of all the vows
of the Buddhist practitioners in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club
practicing the Six Harmonies. Together, we
offer songs and hymns
praising the Buddha, the
unique being who was born into this world.
We affirm that only the
Buddha can save all beings, only the
Buddha can save sentient beings
from ignorance and darkness.
Furthermore, let us open our hearts and turn
towards all the celestial beings,
praying that they may all
assist us in our
practice and together we may practice the Six Harmonies.
Together we will spread the
Buddha's teachings throughout the world, following the
path of the Buddhas and the
teachings of our masters.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. Now, let
us all offer our songs and
hymns.  Offering to the Buddha, dedicating
merit to all sentient beings in the Dharma realm
[music]
The Buddha waits, shining his
light, dispelling the darkness,
and enveloping joy
[music]
Thus, the child, the Phoenix, and all beings, who can save
those people? No one but the
Buddha, but he is sinking in the
car, his wife, I endure the pain, that's all,
only
a little affection
before the Buddha. The Buddha, the Buddha,
keeps smiling
[music]
[Applause]
[music] The
Buddha waits, shining his light,
dispelling the darkness, the
Buddha, radiant with wisdom, enveloping the
three thousand worlds. The Buddha, the
father, wants to like, who can save
those kinds of people? No one but the
Buddha, but he is sinking in darkness,
his wife, I endure the pain, that's all,
only the Dharma, I want
[music]
a little love song, celebrating all beings,
praying, designing, the Buddha, saving the world, the Buddha,
saving the world
[music]
Who can save those kinds of people? No one
but the Buddha, but he is sinking
in darkness, his wife, I endure the pain. Don't just like
that, only  Losing a place for us to go back to, a
little sad love song on the full moon of April, abandoning all beings,
rainbow, the power of the Buddha, the Buddha
[music] [music] [music
]
[music]
days pass, heaven has three blessings and the
Lord of the Immortals everywhere, come together to rejoice, the
Tathagata is expected
[music] the
wonderful Lord, do you know or not, the one who
replaces the Tathagata, spring comes, we are, that is,
the Master of Peace, only
[music]
[music] [music]
there is long-lasting and those who are happy, I am very surprised
because every morning I think of the Tathagata
[music]
and
the word "Peace", do you know or not, that person, the
Tathagata, spring comes, we are, that is, the
Master of Peace, for
all beings, first of all,
come here to sing and rejoice, spreading the law
[music]
and the golden chrysanthemum, the noble gentleman, I will
not leave, the golden chrysanthemum, even if it withers, will
not fade, the
golden chrysanthemum club  The drum club,
even if there is difficulty, will
not be burdened;
even if it is hard, it will be overcome. The
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the joyful club, practicing the
Six Harmonies of Buddhism. The Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the joyful club, practicing the Six Harmonies of Buddhism. One flower, two pillars, three flowers without conflict, three ideas of harmony, harmony, and practice together. The Southern Construction, Harmony, and Resolution. Six
layers of flowers, too much.
Where there is Six Harmonies, there is peace and joy. Where there is
autumn, there is liberation.
[Music] The
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the
joyful club, practicing the Six Harmonies of Buddhism. The
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the joyful club, doing our duty together. The
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the
joyful club, together in the next scripture. Developing Bodhi Mind, protecting the Three Jewels, spreading the Buddha's teachings throughout the world. [Music] The military-colored golden chrysanthemum, the flower of liberation. The Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practicing to seek liberation, helping everyone. The
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the joyful club, practicing long prayers. The Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the joyful club, the ...  [
Music]
Always together, striving
for the
supreme path. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. The
song has
concluded the
vow-making program, singing praises
of the Three Jewels to celebrate the
Buddha's birth and to dedicate the merits to all sentient beings in
this Dharma realm. May all sentient beings in
this Dharma realm
increase their blessings, eliminate karmic obstacles,
and may all sentient beings soon attain enlightenment in the true Dharma. May all sentient beings be
connected with
us in practicing and seeking Supreme Enlightenment.
Dear fellow practitioners, today
is truly a very joyful day for
us. At this moment, with the mind of Illuminating and Contemplating, I
invite all fellow practitioners to chant the slogans
to praise the Buddha.
Now, I invite you, the MCs, to sing and chant
all the slogans
praising the Buddha
without losing your voices.
You must record the
Bodhi Mind. May the Buddha be born, may the Buddha be
born in
due
time.
And I invite the congregation to shout loudly, "May the
Buddha be born,
may the Buddha be born!"
[Applause]
Buddha  Happy Birth of All Beings, We
Celebrate the Birth of the Buddha,
Happy Birth of All Beings, We
Celebrate the Birth of the Buddha, Heaven Above, Earth Below, I Am the Only One, We Celebrate the Birth of the
Buddha, Heaven Above, Earth Below, I Am the Only One, We
Celebrate the Birth of the Buddha, Buddhism Connects
World Peace
[Applause]
Seven Golden Lotuses Support the Jade Foot, 3,000 Worlds Welcome the Tathagata, We Celebrate the
Birth of the
Buddha,
Seven Golden Lotus Leaves Support the Jade Foot, 3 Worlds Welcome the Tathagata, We Celebrate the Birth of the Buddha, Happy Birth of All Beings, Happy Birth of the Buddha, Yeah, Nine Dragons Spray Water
to Bathe the Body of the Tathagata, We Celebrate the Birth of the
Buddha, Spraying Water to Bathe the True
Tathagata, Happy Birth of the Buddha, We Celebrate the Birth of the
Buddha,
Celebrating ...
We Buddhists, and extending this to
all people, all beings, and all sentient beings throughout
this Dharma realm, now say hello and
welcome!